Agent: Hello, I am Sagarika. Can I help you?
Customer: Hello miss. I am Dinesh calling from Kalubowila.
Agent: Right.
Customer: Hello.
Customer: I have a fiber connection at my home.
Customer: It is an old connection. It is a Huawei router.
Agent: Yes sir.
Customer: The house is wired with Cat six. Now when I plug in to get another router extension from another place,
Customer: what is the setting to be done on that Huawei router? How should it be done?
Agent: Does that mean you are using Wi-Fi, sir? Or else,
Agent: Or else sir, wired from another place...
Customer: It is wired. Cat six wired, yes, it is connected by cable.
Customer: Then now the SLT router is connected to the WAN line.
Agent: Yes sir.
Customer: Now if it is wireless, I can press the WPS button, press the WPS button on the other side, and synchronize the two routers, right?
Agent: Yes, wirelessly.
Customer: Wirelessly. Now this is not wireless.
Customer: It is wired, right? Is there any setting to be done when it is wired?
Agent: Sir, have the router configurations been done for the current place? There is one right now, isn't there?
Customer: Yes. You mean the SLT router?
Agent: Yes, are you currently using the SLT router by adjusting the router settings through the wire?
Customer: No, no. I am just about to set it up. Then after going to those settings,
Customer: do I need to make any change in our settings there?
Agent: Yes, the router settings need to be adjusted. Did you not set up the settings all this time, sir?
Agent: Have you not adjusted the settings currently?
Customer: No. I did not set it up for this.
Agent: Right. Please check if the phone number is correct. 0 1 1 2 58 24 1 7. Is it correct, sir?
Customer: Right.
Agent: The owner's name?
Customer: Mahesh Ananda Karunaratne.
Agent: Thank you for providing the information. I will forward it to the technical division. They will call your home, please provide a mobile phone number for me to connect with you.
Customer: Will they call now? Or will they call after some time?
Agent: It is like this sir, it is handled by the technical division. I will forward it and ask them to look into it quickly. Then they will call your home and assist you, sir. They will assist you online.
Customer: Right. 0718
Agent: Right.
Customer: 728026
Agent: Please stay on the line.
Customer: Right.
Agent: Right, from my end I asked them to look into it as soon as possible. They will call, sir.
Customer: Okay, thank you very much.
Agent: Thank you for calling the Sri Lanka Telecom Mobitel line. Have a good day, sir!