Agent: ආයුබෝවන්, මම සදිත්. මට පුළුවන්ද ඔබට සහය වෙන්න?
Customer: Hello.
Customer: Hello.
Agent: Hello. Yes, sir, hello.
Customer: Yes, I am T.S.A. Silva.
Agent: Yes.
Customer: Yeah, this regarding our Peo TV connection.
Agent: Okay, so what's your problem, sir?
Customer: Yeah, hello, now since today
Customer: uh the channels uh Al Jazeera then uh France 24,
Customer: CNN,
Customer: and uh the channel that I have subscribe subscribed separately which is Star Movies, all of them are not showing and it's giving an error message encrypted program.
Agent: Okay, your telephone number that you entered number, no?
Customer: Yes, 0112834071.
Agent: Okay, so may I have the owner's name, please, sir?
Customer: Yes, it's T.S.A. Silva, Trevino Shehan Antonio Silva.
Agent: You mean the local channels it's working but the foreign channels are not working, sir?
Customer: Correct, yes.
Customer: Not all foreign channels, for example, now let's say 25 uh what do you call that, Indian channel uh what do you call that, NDTV, that is working.
Customer: uh actually not 26, I think, no no that is also not there. What happened to that? Earlier that was working.
Agent: Have you tried to restart your router, sir? Sometime you get this solution.
Customer: We tried we tried, yeah, so yeah, so we tried everything. Now, we tried the router in next to TV we switched off and tried, it didn't work. Then we tried the main one next to the telephone, the initial router, we off that and off the one next to the TV, both and then we after a while we switched on the one next to the phone and then this one, still same story.
Customer: Now, I think that one in the NDTV is also not working, seems like.
Agent: Okay, please hold on, sir.
Customer: Let me check another check, actually, uh these were yeah, one second, these ah, 47 is working.
Customer: 47 uh Discovery is working,
Customer: then 53 let me check, these are the few channels that uh we have, foreign channels.
Customer: 53
Customer: uh yeah that is also not there, 53 also not there. So, out of overseas channels only 47
Customer: uh the what do you call, Discovery is working.
Customer: Then let me check the some these sports channels, I think, which we get automatically with the package, I think 30 let me check that.
Customer: Ah no, that is also not there, sports channels
Customer: uh also out, it's same same message encrypted program.
Customer: So,
Customer: uh yeah, let me check that NDTV again.
Customer: Bear with me for a moment.
Agent: Sure.
Customer: Ah, 43 is working, so this Ten Cricket.
Agent: Yes, Ten Cricket.
Customer: Ten Cricket channel, 43 is also working.
Customer: So, let me check this NDTV once again.
Customer: Earlier that was working, now let me check that.
Customer: Ah, NDTV is working, 25.
Customer: NDTV is working. So, only thing 26
Customer: uh 26 Al Jazeera not working, it says encrypted program.
Customer: Then,
Customer: uh 27
Customer: uh France 24, that is not working, it says encrypted program.
Customer: uh
Customer: then
Customer: uh no, that encrypted program message is not there, but the same thing. Uh let me check 24 CNN.
Customer: That also, it says channel not subscribed, that can't be because usually I I maybe I don't know whether CNN is now a paid channel, that I don't know.
Customer: But, uh I know for a fact, 28 Star Movies I have subscribed for that and have been watching including today morning, that is also not showing, it says encrypted program.
Customer: So, that has to be visible, no? Because I have paid for that, no? Anyway.
Agent: Okay, sir, I will make a complaint. I will forward this problem for our technical staff, so no need to worry about that, sir.
Customer: uh Is it not is it not resolvable from your end?
Agent: No, our end no any problem, sir, normally the same channels are working, sir.
Customer: Ah, okay, is it? Okay, so you can send one of your agent, they will have a they can they'll see the same thing. Or if you want I can send the screenshot even.
Agent: Okay, so may I have your name, please? You are Mister?
Customer: T.S.A. Silva.
Customer: Trevino Shehan Antonio Silva.
Agent: Okay, and I need your contact number, sir.
Customer: Sure, uh I will give you uh two numbers, one is 0773 this one I'm calling.
Customer: Uh let me repeat, 0773441
Agent: Yeah, calling number I can display, sir.
Customer: Ah, you can see, right? Okay. Then, I will give you my mother's number. 077 uh
Customer: um
Customer: yeah, zero let me repeat, 0773
Agent: 773
Customer: 776
Agent: 776
Customer: 740
Agent: Okay, sir, I make a complaint and your reference number I will send you on mobile number. So, our technical staff, they will contact you as soon as possible they can.
Customer: Thank you very much.
Customer: Sure.
Customer: Right, can you tell me the timeline for resol can you tell me the timeline for resolution?
Agent: I am extremely sorry, sir, I can't promise a perfect time but as soon as possible, I will mention this complaint is very urgent category.
Customer: Okay, thank you very much.
Agent: Okay, thank you for calling SLT. Have a nice day. Please hold on to rate this call.
Customer: You too, thanks.